now I've actually wanted to try this
mousepad for a very long time one of my
co-workers actually has one and swears
by it
this is the SteelSeries 5l and the 5l
means 5 and the L means layers so this
is a unique mousepad and that is
constructed from both hard and soft
materials for a unique gliding
experience now I'm actually a cloth user
for the most part I I prefer a little
bit more friction but there are certain
things I don't like about cloth like how
quickly it wears out and I think I mean
it could be a little bit improved so
I've wanted to give this a try for quite
a long time basically how this works is
they start with a rubber with rubber
junk at the bottom to keep it from
slipping around then they have a hard
plastic compound as the next layer then
the next layer is a soft good poly
isoprene ok awesome so that's layer
number 3 and then they have a cloth a
durable extremely strong cloth layer
just over top of that and last but not
least they put a thin plastic coating
that gives you the texture of the
underlying cloth which is what I like
about a flock pad but it also gives you
in theory the durability of a plastic
surface now I'm gonna try and get the
seal broken here so we can get the
mousepad itself out I realized there's
not a whole lot to unbox about a
mousepad but once I've had a chance to
gain with this one a little bit I'll try
and update the video with annotations to
give you my thoughts on it so first of
all be fine pretty much nothing inside
in terms of accessories hello there and
I think oh here we go we've got a couple
things inside the mouse pad itself so
first of all we have their steel series
product guide showcasing where you can
see other steel series products great
and then we have a SteelSeries sticker
professional gaming gear and then we
have a piece of paper - oh it covers AHA
so this is the rubber like kind of
textured it looks kind of like monkey
art you know when they hold the paint
and they throw it at the canvas it looks
kind of like that so I
chillie use pads with this stuff on the
bottom before works very well for
keeping it from slipping around and then
let's have a look and here I don't know
how well this is going to show we do
have HD but I still don't know how well
you're gonna be able to see it so you
can see we have our rubber junk at the
bottom then we have the hard plastic and
you can see that's what gives this pad
its rigidity is this thick hard plastic
layer then we have like a thick kind of
rubbery layer okay and then we get down
to a much thinner cloth layer and then
over the whole thing is kind of a is a
plastic coating that's kind of it feels
almost like a cloth that's been sprayed
with that waterproofing plastic so I've
been looking forward to trying this up
for quite a while thank you for checking
out my unboxing of the steel series 5l
and don't forget to visit my blog at